1. How would your plan for the first 90days in this role look like?
I would be planning my first 90 days in 3 phases
A) Learner & Observer: In the first 2-3 weeks, I would be going through KT sessions and available documents on the implemented framework, architecture, functional & technical requirements. Will attend all meetings and understand the process, major pain points and keep a note of it. Also would work on upgrading myself with any new tool or technology wherever needed.
B) Reviewer: In the next 3 weeks, I would extend my network with Peers & higher management to understand the roadmap & real-time challenges. I would be reviewing the frameworks to see the scope of improvement if any or any automation if possible based on my experience. I would also understand other areas of software development as Agile processes, Release Management, Code maintenance & Devops activities practiced in a team.
C) Implementor: Based on my experience, Would try to come up with the possible solution changes as design recommendation, performance enhancement, etc., and would start contributing on the ground to support the team with the best capabilities.
2. How would success after 2-3 years for you look like and how would you measure it?
If I can gain the trust of my leads, coworkers & juniors by working up to the best of my knowledge & delivering impactful work then I would consider myself successful. I should be known as an SME on my tool stack and should be able to guide & support projects across the firm.
3. What are the things you might struggle with and how would you overcome them?
The most struggling part would be to build a network in this virtual mode as it becomes quite easy to operate & bring valuable changes once you gain the trust of your colleagues. But I believe that being an Observant, jovial, resolute kind of personality would help me to offer my help to my colleague in the best possible manner. Since the experience which I am bringing to Adidas would support me in working hand-in-hand with the colleague & slowly & gradually make good network with them.
4. How would you personally approach the challenges; we are facing as a team (see p.3)?
I always keep a positive approach to all the professional as well as personal challenges and believe that things could be resolved & clarified by a healthy open discussion. Being in Deloitte, I learned and understand the importance of building your network. It may be either with your peers or client but eventually, it benefits the company as well as individuals. 
5. Can you share some examples, where you were mentoring some more junior team members and what you learned from it?
While working on my current project in the initial phase, life wasn't easy as there were some gaps with the onboarded staff skills & required skills. I belonged to the same skill set and had experience in Spark. I was assigned a team of 7-10 members where I played a role of a technical lead but I understood that they would need additional training before they can write optimized code. So I started doing the pseudo development & assign the refinement task to them. Over 3 months, my team learned the spark skills and then today they are leading different teams. I learned that you might not have a perfect team from day 1 but with patience, the right guidance & a positive attitude, things would give a productive output.
